README.md, before:

# terraform-provider-gitfile

A [Terraform](http://terraform.io) plugin to allow you to do custom templating
from within terraform.

## Example use:

    resource "utils_template" "zk_discovery_yaml" {
    template = <<EOT
    ---
    zookeeper_servers:
    {{range $index, $ip := split .ips ","}}  {{add $index 1}}: {{$ip}}
    {{end}}
    EOT
        vars {
            ips = "${join(",", aws_instance.zk.*.private_ip)}"
        }
    }

and then elsewhere:

    "${utils_template.zk_discovery_yaml.out}"

## Further uses

Combine this with [terraform-provider-gitfile](https://github.com/Yelp/terraform-provider-gitfile)
to allow terraform to commit the file you've templated to git.

We use this with [per-module hiera data](https://github.com/ripienaar/puppet-module-data) in puppet
to generate things like static YAML maps of hiera data for things like zookeeper discovery.

Our [ENC](https://docs.puppetlabs.com/guides/external_nodes.html) to configure the servers is
driven by the AWS tags terraform apply, but then clients need static lists of the server addresses
in config (which is also usually dropped by puppet), so we just commit the state from terraform
into our puppet repository!

# License

Apache2 - See the included LICENSE file for more details.

Commit message:

Fix up README.
Add specific docs for the inputs and output.

Remove most of the blurb, that sort of content would be better in a blog post.

README.md, after:

# terraform-provider-utils

A [Terraform](http://terraform.io) plugin to allow you to do custom templating
(using the Go [text/template](http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/) library
in Terraform.

We [add a few simple functions](http://golang.org/pkg/text/template/#FuncMap) to the defaults:

  * add $variable count - Adds the count to the variable when executed
  * split .argument "X" - Takes the argument and splits it by the second parameter

## Example:

    resource "utils_template" "zk_discovery_yaml" {
        template = <<EOT
    ---
    zookeeper_servers:
    {{range $index, $ip := split .ips ","}}  {{add $index 1}}: {{$ip}}
    {{end}}
    EOT
        vars {
            ips = "${join(",", aws_instance.zk.*.private_ip)}"
        }
    }

and then elsewhere:

    "${utils_template.zk_discovery_yaml.out}"

## Resources

### utils_template

Inputs:

  - template - The template text.
  - vars {} - Variables to pass to the template itself

Outputs:

  - out - The rendered template output


## Further uses

Combining this provider with
[terraform-provider-gitfile](https://github.com/Yelp/terraform-provider-gitfile)
allows terraform to commit the file you've templated to git - which can
be useful for generating YAML or INI type config files for consumption
by other systems (for example puppet).


# License

Apache2 - See the included LICENSE file for more details.
